README.md, before:

# Sequential Data Store Angular Visualization Sample

**Version:**: 1.0.0

**WARNING:** The web server used in this sample is intended for use in testing or debugging sample applications locally. It has not been reviewed for security issues.

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

---

For the main OCS page [ReadMe](https://github.com/osisoft/OSI-Samples-OCS)  
For the main samples page on master [ReadMe](https://github.com/osisoft/OSI-Samples)

Commit message:

Use full namespace object with Self property

README.md, after:

# Sequential Data Store Angular Visualization Sample

**Version:**: 1.0.0

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/osieng/engineering/_apis/build/status/product-readiness/SDS/osisoft.sample-sds-visualization-angular?repoName=osisoft%2Fsample-sds-visualization-angular&branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/osieng/engineering/_build/latest?definitionId=2686&repoName=osisoft%2Fsample-sds-visualization-angular&branchName=master)

**WARNING:** The web server used in this sample is intended for use in testing or debugging sample applications locally. It has not been reviewed for security issues.

## Prerequisites

- [NodeJS and NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Angular CLI](https://cli.angular.io/) (`npm install -g @angular/cli`)
- A modern, evergreen browser, such as the latest version of [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/), [Mozilla Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/), or [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/edge)

This application will use local port 4200 by default.

**Note: This sample application is hosted on HTTP. This is not secure. You should use a certificate and HTTPS.**

This sample was developed using Node version 12.16.1.

## Configuring the sample

Before running the sample, you must first configure the `appsettings.json` file. The [appsettings.placeholder.json](src/app/appsettings.placeholder.json) file should be renamed to `appsettings.json`, and configured. This repository's `.gitignore` rules should prevent this file from ever being checked in to any fork or branch, to ensure sensitive information is not compromised.

### OSIsoft Cloud Services

-

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

---

For the main OCS page [ReadMe](https://github.com/osisoft/OSI-Samples-OCS)  
For the main samples page on master [ReadMe](https://github.com/osisoft/OSI-Samples)
